hey Nana Bryan fans of YouTube it's my
heart
and video in my minor prior collection
oh my gosh
let's add to come on and brush that okay
um it's a minor brush Duggar
unassailable but Adam that's Jake
Dana who Schmidt and um your sister
dang inspired some saga fun Yoko's owned
Colusa this is the first a lotta fun in
Dukas want in the box
Oh in the box enough address prior to
the yeah okay let's this TV box for me
back this is buck it's fun Sarah bonanza
and um Bacchus an astronomer on same
surname is Bonanza spirit yeah and go
Devin Eric in car mode o de Sade oh it's
prep say Dorothy it's a saddle motel
best other flicks all iced ohm as oh
yeah mostly no miss your nap and she
doesn't and a fictional okay at least
this is Soros otoko's missus an show
named aren't in stylist Avenue a docos
um I snitched us yes
Calypso Mitch Donovan admit so named
Duke rest bandit yeah
Oh Lana this is fun
my dream horse deserves platinum on mine
this is your fourth Secretariat okay
yeah it's Katie he's kind of wrong
oh she is dear one gonna lose yeah
Krypton's a need a second yeah that is
initially but in the ass best I can yeah
as a van in each type tech often I'm
tripping Sonya second design shown him
on showy signs stable a nice nice this
is Allegra order Baxter Baxter show name
Ali Khan is stable nine
okey dokey oh she is danghang supervisor
oh yeah it helps we're accusing this is
the Niagara loop ends off um prior it's
I don't know Wow step 4 yep he offered
us to address Allah he is the s mine and
leaving a vast ocean and so did I little
Wow yes I don't know Wow wah wah wah wah
wah
okay
if you like Maddie's not mind video of
an a sense don't fare the cap order now
mom give words like we're seeking a home
breaker that's right
okay and first women's was damaged as it
yeah her honesty done I feel in Ferguson
Breyer first sips and Martin